# IBM-vedio-streamingSteps : 1).Click on the 'SIGN UP' button in the upper right corner.2).This will take you to our pricing page. To sign up for one of our video streaming plans, scroll down and click "Purchase now". If you are interested in a Free trial please reach out here. The free trial lasts for 30 days. After 30 days you will need to subscribe to a paid plan in order keep using your account. 3).After selecting your plan type, you will be directed to the signup page where you will need to login using an IBM ID. If you don't already have an IBM ID, click on the link to create one.Please note that by signing up for IBM Video Streaming, you are agreeing to our terms of service and our privacy policy. 4).After logging in with your IBM ID, you will be directed to the signup page where you will complete your account details. You will want to check the email you used in creating the account for a verification link. This is to make sure that your email is really being used by you. 5).Open the email, get your verification code, add it to the verification token field and finish the subscription process. 6).Once you submit the verification code you will receive another email stating your registration has been completed and your IBM ID has been activated. 7).Now click on "MY IBM" and sign in with your registered IBM ID (your email). 8).After you log in you will see your MYIBM dashboard with your subscription info listed under Products. 9).Now you will be able to click Launch to launch your product or Manage to manage billing and account information. 10).Clicking launch will take you to your subscriptions Dashboard Overview where you will be able to create a channel, broadcast and manage your recorded videos. 11).Clicking Manage will take you to your MYIBM dashboard where you can manage billing and other account information.
